---
layout: single
title: Devtricks, your UE4 site!
excerpt: What is this site?
author: Meta
categories:
  - General
---

Hello there, I'm **vorixo** and I will be your main host in **Devtricks**!

Two days before making this post, I found myself researching input responsivity in Unreal Engine 4. I quickly came to the conclusion that it was a topic that was in dire need of a bit more love documentation-wise

This prompted me to ask myself - Why not take matters into my own hands, and complete the documentation myself.

It was under this premise that Devtricks was born.

## What to expect

**Devtricks** is a blog that will teach you a variety of tricks about game development in general. Although it will focus on Unreal Engine 4, it is open for everyone to read.

We will try to cover every single topic regarding game programming, from the most subtle of things, to the most important. We are very happy to have you as a reader, and please, enjoy.

## Thanks to

[Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com){:target="_blank"}: Mainly because it's a nice way of having GitHub Pages host it for free but also because it's a great static-site engine we wanted to try out.

[Minimal Mistakes](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/){:target="_blank"}: The theme we will be using with this webpage, which is really easy to use and, it's responsive!

[codigScars](http://coding-scars.com/){:target="_blank"}: Thanks to Carlos Fraguas (gracias Carlos! :D) in advance, not only because his blog is awesome to read (which I recommend), but for the fact that this webpage was created using the same framework he suggests on his site, and as you can see, works really well!
